<think>
Okay, so I need to figure out how to answer the question: "What are the models that have been benchmarked on the DuIE dataset?" using the provided ORKG RDF data dump. Let me break this down step by step.

First, I need to understand the structure of the data. The context information is in Turtle format, which is a way to represent RDF data. Each line represents a triple, consisting of a subject, predicate, and object. The subjects are URIs, and the predicates and objects can be URIs or literals.

Looking at the data, I see that there are several resources, each with a URI, a type, and a label. For example, R163201 is a Comparison with the label "Wikipedia-based Named Entity Recognition." R162991 is a Paper titled "Named Entity Recognition in Tweets: An Experimental Study," and it's associated with a Venue R162992, which is the proceedings of a conference.

The task is to extract entities and properties mentioned in the question and then find similar entities or properties based on cosine similarity. The output should be a JSON list of dictionaries with URI, label, and score.

But wait, the question is about models benchmarked on the DuIE dataset. I don't see any mention of DuIE in the provided data. The data seems to be about Named Entity Recognition, contributions, venues, etc., but not specifically about the DuIE dataset or models benchmarked on it.

So, if I follow the steps:

1. Extract entities and properties from the question. The question is about models and the DuIE dataset. So the entities would be "models" and "DuIE dataset."

2. Retrieve top 10 similar entities or properties from the RDF data. But looking through the data, I don't see any entities related to DuIE or models benchmarked on it. The resources are about NER, contributions, venues, etc.

3. Since there's no relevant data, the top similar entities would be none. But the user expects a JSON list. Maybe I should return an empty list or indicate no matches.

Alternatively, perhaps the data provided doesn't contain the necessary information to answer the question. Therefore, the answer would be that there are no similar entities or properties found in the given data.

But the user provided an example answer with some entries. That makes me think that maybe I'm missing something. Let me check again.

Wait, maybe the models are referred to as "Contribution" in the data. For example, R162993 is a Contribution labeled "Contribution 1." Similarly, R75431 is another Contribution. But without more context, it's unclear if these contributions are models or related to the DuIE dataset.

Since the data doesn't mention the DuIE dataset at all, I can't find any relevant models. Therefore, the answer should reflect that no similar entities or properties were found.

But the example answer provided by the user includes entries like "BabelEnconding" and "Team 2 Subtask 1 English." Maybe these are considered as models. However, without explicit mention of DuIE, it's speculative.

In conclusion, based on the given data, there are no entities or properties related to the DuIE dataset, so the answer should be an empty list or indicate no matches.
</think>

The given ORKG RDF data does not contain any information related to the DuIE dataset or models benchmarked on it. Therefore, no similar entities or properties can be retrieved.

```json
[]
```