<think>
Okay, so I need to figure out how to answer this query using the given ORKG RDF data dump. The query is asking for a list of research papers that have performed benchmarks on the Rotowire (Content Selection) dataset. The user wants the papers along with their titles and IDs.

First, I should look through the provided context to find any mentions of research papers. From the context, I see several resources labeled as "Paper". For example, R211524 is a Paper titled "NNE: A Dataset for Nested Named Entity Recognition in English Newswire". Similarly, R211922 is another Paper titled "Neural Modeling for Named Entities and Morphology (NEMO2)". There's also R211327, which is a Paper but doesn't have a provided title in the context.

Next, I need to check if any of these papers mention the Rotowire dataset or content selection benchmarks. However, looking at the context, none of the paper titles or labels explicitly mention Rotowire or content selection. The titles seem to focus on named entity recognition and neural modeling, which are related to NLP tasks but not specifically the Rotowire dataset.

Since the context doesn't provide information about the Rotowire dataset, I can't find any direct matches. Therefore, the top similar entities based on the given data would be the papers that are closest in topic, even if they don't exactly match the dataset mentioned.

I'll list the papers I found, even though they don't specifically mention Rotowire. They are the top matches based on the available data. Each entry will include the URI, label, and a score. Since there's no exact match, the scores will be lower, but these are the closest available options.

So, the final answer will include these papers with their details and scores indicating their relevance based on the context provided.
</think>

To answer the query, we need to retrieve research papers related to benchmarks on the Rotowire (Content Selection) dataset. However, the provided context does not contain any information about the Rotowire dataset or related benchmarks. Therefore, no relevant papers can be identified from the given data.

```json
[]
```