<think>
Okay, so I need to figure out how to answer the question "What is Raman spectroscopy?" using the provided ORKG RDF data dump. Let me start by understanding the task step by step.

First, I need to extract entities and properties mentioned in the question. The question is asking about "Raman spectroscopy." So, the main entity here is "Raman spectroscopy." I should look for any mentions of this term or related terms in the context data.

Looking at the context information, I see several resources with labels. I'll go through each one to see if any are related to Raman spectroscopy. 

Starting with the first file, I see resources like R197693, R197698, etc. Their labels include things like "a weak and - correlation of(r ¼ r=0.32, p < 0.05, 2-tailed)btw the viewing rate and test," which doesn't seem relevant. R197698 is a paper titled "UDPipe at SIGMORPHON 2019..." which is about embeddings and morphological categories. R197700 is about multi-task joint learning, and R197710 mentions a morphological tagging F1 score. None of these seem related to Raman spectroscopy.

Moving to the second file, resources R25767 to R25772 have labels like "Contribution 2," "Comparison of Memory Usage...," "Selective Hydrogenation over Supported Metal Catalysts," and a couple of papers about hydrogenation of butadiene. Again, none of these seem to relate to Raman spectroscopy.

Wait, maybe I'm missing something. Raman spectroscopy is a technique used in chemistry and materials science for identifying molecules. It involves scattering of light. Looking through the context, I don't see any resources that mention spectroscopy or Raman specifically. The papers are about hydrogenation, which is a different topic.

So, it seems like there are no entities or properties in the provided context that are directly related to Raman spectroscopy. Therefore, I can't find any similar entities or properties based on the given data.

I should probably return an empty list since there's no relevant information in the context.
</think>

```json
[]
```