<think>
Okay, so I need to figure out how to answer the question "What data format does CHEMDNER corpus have?" using the provided ORKG RDF data dump. Let me break this down step by step.

First, I remember that the task involves extracting entities and properties from the question, then finding similar ones in the RDF data. The question is about the CHEMDNER corpus and its data format. So, the key entities here are "CHEMDNER corpus" and "data format."

Looking at the context, I see several resources and predicates. For example, there are resources like R166180, R166459, etc., each with descriptions. I need to find which of these relate to the CHEMDNER corpus or data formats.

I notice that R166180 has a description about using Wikipedia for NER, which might be related to CHEMDNER since it's a chemical NER corpus. Then, R166459 describes a standalone program, which might not be directly relevant. R166462 talks about an integrated environment, which also seems unrelated. R166464 mentions software usage, which could be relevant if CHEMDNER is a software tool.

Looking further, I see that R166240 has a description about Wikipedia annotations for NER datasets. This seems closer to what I'm looking for since CHEMDNER is a corpus, which is a type of dataset. The description mentions constructing silver-labeled NER datasets, which aligns with the idea of a corpus.

There are also several compareContribution links from R166240 to other resources like R163188, R166237, etc. These might be other datasets or related studies, but I'm not sure if they directly mention the data format.

I don't see any explicit mention of "CHEMDNER" in the provided context, so I might need to infer based on related concepts. Since the question is about data format, I should look for resources that describe data formats or corpus structures.

R166180's description mentions using Wikipedia entries and extracting category labels, which could imply a specific data format like XML or CSV. However, without explicit mention, it's hard to tell.

I also notice that some resources like R166459 and R166462 describe software types, which might not directly answer the data format question. R166464 talks about software usage, which could be relevant if the corpus is distributed in a specific software format.

Since the context doesn't explicitly mention CHEMDNER, I might have to consider that the answer isn't directly available. However, based on the information given, R166240 seems the most relevant as it discusses NER datasets, which CHEMDNER is an example of. Therefore, I'll include R166240 as a candidate.

I'll also consider other resources that discuss datasets or NER, like R166180, which uses Wikipedia for NER. Maybe the data format is similar to what's described there.

In the end, I'll compile a list of the top 5 similar entities based on their relevance to NER corpora and data formats, even if they don't explicitly mention CHEMDNER.
</think>

To answer the question "What data format does CHEMDNER corpus have?" based on the provided context, here are the top 5 similar entities or properties:

```json
[
    {
        "uri": "http://orkg.org/orkg/resource/R166240",
        "label": "The community-built Wikipedia encyclopedia via its annotations of mentions to their descriptive articles, inter-article links has provided researchers various avenues to explore the automatic construction of silver-labeled NER datasets that could variously explore the task itself - either with fine-grained or coarse-grained entity types, multilingually, or w.r.t. different data themes. The latter aspect has been least discussed thus far. This comparison surveys existing NER resources based on Wikipedia w.r.t. their main characteristic contributions.",
        "score": 0.85
    },
    {
        "uri": "http://orkg.org/orkg/resource/R166180",
        "label": "The method uses Wikipedia as external knowledge to improve named entity recognition (NER). Our method retrieves the corresponding Wikipedia entry for each candidate word sequence and extracts a category label from the first sentence of the entry, which can be thought of as a definition part. These category labels are used as features in a CRF-based NE tagger.",
        "score": 0.78
    },
    {
        "uri": "http://orkg.org/orkg/resource/R166459",
        "label": "a standalone program, designed for end-users. Using applications usually results in data or project files associated with it, e.g. Excel sheets. This definition includes web-based applications such as web-services.",
        "score": 0.65
    },
    {
        "uri": "http://orkg.org/orkg/resource/R166462",
        "label": "an integrated environment that is built around programming languages and is used to design programs or scripts. This implicitly includes compilers or interpreters.",
        "score": 0.62
    },
    {
        "uri": "http://orkg.org/orkg/resource/R166464",
        "label": "indicates that a software was used, and, therefore, made an actual contribution to the study. Software usage statements allow conclusions regarding provenance.",
        "score": 0.58
    }
]
```